Ingest dev guide (#1415)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/data/ingest-library/developer_guide/ledgerbackends/README.mdx

---
title: Ledger Backends
sidebar_position: 10
---

> A ledger backend is a source of Stellar network ledger data. he ingest library supports two primary ledger backends, both implementing the [ledgerbackend](https://github.com/stellar/go/blob/master/ingest/ledgerbackend/ledger_backend.go) interface. This interface always returns ledger data as `xdr.LedgerCloseMeta`, which is XDR-encoded ledger metadata object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ledger backend is a source of Stellar network ledger data. The ingest library supports two primary ledger backends, both implementing the [ledgerbackend](https://github.com/stellar/go/blob/master/ingest/ledgerbackend/ledger_backend.go) interface. This interface always returns ledger data as `xdr.LedgerCloseMeta`, which is XDR-encoded ledger metadata object.
```

> A ledger backend is a source of Stellar network ledger data. he ingest library supports two primary ledger backends, both implementing the [ledgerbackend](https://github.com/stellar/go/blob/master/ingest/ledgerbackend/ledger_backend.go) interface. This interface always returns ledger data as `xdr.LedgerCloseMeta`, which is XDR-encoded ledger metadata object.

Reviewer: It would be helpful to mention a summary of the different types of data that are available in `xdr.LedgerCloseMeta`

Author: Added a section on LedgerCloseMeta https://developers-pr1415.previews.kube001.services.stellar-ops.com/docs/data/indexers/build-your-own/ingest-sdk/developer_guide/ledgerbackends

> 1. **Captive Core** – Runs a Stellar Core instance which connects to the live Stellar network and fetches network data (i.e., ledgers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Captive Core** – Invokes the `stellar-core` binary as a subprocess which connects to the live Stellar network and fetches network data (i.e., ledgers).
```

> 2. **BufferedStorageBackend** – Fetches pre-exported ledger metadata from cloud storage.

Reviewer: I think we should avoid the term "pre-exported" because I don't think it has a clear meaning unless you already familiar with the CDP paradigm. if you google "pre-export" it doesn't seem to help clarify the concept we are trying to explain

Author: done.
